You've done it, and it's wonderful.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
I read someplace that you actually drew a lot of this earlier draft.
Yeah, I did.
I worked on it for a long time, and basically there's nothing left over from the 250 pages but three letters.
Really?
Yeah.
What was there about that?
It was so different.
I mean, it ended up being a completely different novel.
It was initially a novel about two women, and I mean... Same title?
No, had no title.
Had no title at all.
But it just didn't take off.
I mean, it just didn't have any momentum of its own, and the only thing that seemed interesting was that I had set up this epistolary form, the interjection of the letters in that,
And, of all things, I really did just pluck a few of those letters from that draft and managed to create a new character for them and put them in the second draft.
So, my sense then is you started with the form before you had... Well, I didn't really... Before you were committed to the form.
I mean, now I'm going to really sound dizzy, but I didn't really start with anything.
But, you know, having arrived at that... You normally don't start with anything either, I think.
No.
No, I mean, I've gotten used to myself to the extent now that I know that it's pretty impossible for me to write something that doesn't have some sort of an alternative narrative within the main narrative.
You know, it just seems to me that, I mean, maybe this is a result of having written more books than I used to have written, but it's very hard for me to write anything and say, this is the way it is.
So at least suggesting that there's one other whole possibility, one other whole route to explore within the context of what is, at least personally makes me feel more comfortable with the text.
Are you satisfied with the epistolary device that you use?
Explain to me why it's necessary.
Why it's necessary?
Well, one of the... I don't know if she had a problem with that, otherwise, in the New York Times, but loved the book.
Uh-huh.
Did you get another review?
She wrote an essentially wonderful review.
Yeah, I thought it was wonderful.
Yeah.
Well, the reason why I did it was that I couldn't... The past has so much to do with the present in this book, and there really are two stories.
One happens back then...
and remains ambiguous because even the people who were involved back then don't necessarily know what the other person knew, know it incompletely, know it from a skewed perspective, or have reason not to reveal it or whatever.
But I couldn't have in the present my character having flashbacks.
I particularly couldn't have the character having flashbacks to something he didn't even know.
I think, in a way, I thought it was sort of like real life.
I mean, I know that, in effect, at the end of the day, we don't get an italicized section interjecting something, but in a comparable way, I think, you know, if you keep looking at photographs through the years, they mean something different to you at 50 than they meant at 25.
You pick up details that are suddenly anachronistic that looked okay when you looked at the picture 25 years ago.
That sense, too, I think, of
the interrelationship of the past and the future, I thought I would put there almost as documentary evidence, the same way somebody might look at a photo album.
Do you think this is the type of book that you could only write at this stage in your career, in your development?
I think probably that's true.
Mid-40s kind of a book.
I don't think that this was the kind of book you'd have written in 1975.
No, I don't think so.
I mean, I have to agree with critics when they say that it was more difficult to
understand what the conclusion was.
I mean, at the end of this book, I think part of the conclusion is that the past remains ambiguous, certainly.
The past remains uncertain.
But merely the idea that that's a constant point of reference, I think, is something I see more as I get older.
That's right.
We become more aware of this.
The closer we get to the past, the less we understand it, it seems.
I don't know if that's fair.
Well, I know even when I see my parents now.
You know, I mean, I have the, I remember now, which I didn't remember even like 10 years ago or something, being a young person with my parents.
My parents, and it's not just that my parents are younger, it's almost as though I have an aerial view and I can remember myself at different stages with them.
And, of course, our relationship necessarily is so different now that we're at these ages.
So it's like you're seeing it as an observer now.
Exactly, exactly.
That's fascinating.
Yeah.
I read also that you're going to step away from, now this is the first novel in, what, five years, I think it is, right?
Mm-hmm.
Did it take five years for you to... Well, I mean, they keep saying the first novel in six years, but I turned it in a year and a half ago.
I mean, it's true it needed a lot of work, and it took a while to get the book published, but it's not as though I haven't been working away.
It took the better part of four years to work on it, and as I say, those 250 pages really just got sent into the trash.
And in fact, you threw the stuff away.
I threw it away.
You don't save things for your...
No, it's really not saved anywhere in any form.
I don't have it anywhere.
Do you write on a computer?
This is the first book that I've written on a computer, yeah.
I did, with many setbacks, but I did.
So you just kind of erased what was in there.
Yes.
That's quite a moment, isn't it?
Yeah, pretty awful.
I'm redrawn from the galleys, and there's nothing else I could do with the book.
I remember sitting down, it was almost ceremonial with a drink, and deleting the big, huge hundreds and thousands.
huge 20,000-port shafts.
Oh, it's just a terrible feeling.
It's really a terrible feeling, I know.
Well, it's almost exhilarating, though, isn't it?
Well, it does cut you free.
I mean, then you've just got to start over again from scratch.
It's done, yeah.
Do you find that also that your plumbing
I'm picking up on Michiko's review, which she did, and I think I agree with her, that you are really kind of digging deeper emotionally into your characters, and I wonder if you feel the same way.
Well, see, I mean, of course I would have something invested in this opinion, but I don't think it's necessarily that I'm digging deeper.
I think that perhaps I found a way to present things
that even though it's maybe slightly complex, even though she didn't necessarily like the structure that I came up with for this particular book, I think it's more there, though.
I think it's more on the surface.
In other words, I think that Picturing Will and this novel have been more directive in terms of pointing the reader in some direction.
I've sort of admitted to what my sensibility is a little more, whereas when I look back now, I can see that there was extreme restraint in the short stories
They were still an attempt at psychological exploration, and that's no different from what I'm attempting now in my mind.
Now, I see you going back, you're going to do some more stories and perhaps a novella or a show.
I keep, I'm actually working on something longer now.
I'm not quite sure if it'll be a novella or if it'll be a short novel or what it'll be, but I keep thinking I want to get back to stories, but I don't know.
I mean, having spent so many years
with the longer form, it's much harder than I thought to decondition myself, much harder.
Yeah, so it's like Winslow Homer going from, you're married to an artist, going from the wood engravings to the watercolors, and then, of course, the larger work is the royals.
I mean, is the novel for you, I guess I'm trying to ask you to comment on the arc of your career, do you consider the story a
I hesitate to call it a lesser calling, but a less demanding one.
No, no, not at all.
In fact, you know, when I think about my work, I probably could count my favorites on one hand.
I mean, don't ask me off the top of my head, but for instance, the story, The Burning House.
This novel, I personally like this novel better than Picturing Will, even though it was much more of a struggle.
Picturing Will wasn't easy, but I think of them all as stories, and some of them happen to have been about 20 pages, and some of them happen to be 400 pages.
But to me, they're all stories.
How successful were you within your limitations, within your givens of that form?
So you would consider the novel story.
Yeah.
I mean, I would think probably that if I had to pick five favorites, I would end up with four short stories in this novel.
No kidding.
At the moment, anyway.
I might be very misled.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, they're all the same to me, and you use language very differently.
I mean, a painter will tell you, too, that just the physicality of the way the paint is used, as even, say, opposed to acrylics, is entirely different in terms of what you can do and how you need to do it, you know, when you know about those materials in painting.
And I think that the analogy would be that...
language that can serve you well in the shorter form may be your worst enemy in the longer form.
Do you have some kind of an internal clock?
I know, because I write for newspapers and magazines, and they tell you 800 words or 1,000 words or 1,500 words.
There's something there.
I don't know what it is, but you start and you reach your height or whatever it is, and then you start, you really hit that point.
I mean, it's a 1,500-word piece or an 800-word piece.
That was true until very recently, and I think I'm quite thrown off by the computer in that when I used to type with an electric typewriter, I wasn't numbering the pages.
I was doing the rough draft at the electric typewriter, and I typed fast, so I was pulling the sheets if I was on a roll.
But I wouldn't have thought that I understood that I had pulled 25, say, as opposed to 50.
It just seemed to be 25, but when I work on the computer, it just tends to be 50.
The question I'm asking is in a larger sense.
I'm going to write a novel.
I mean, did this start as a novel?
It started with a two-book contract, and the second part of the contract said, you will write a novel.
So when you sat down and the story started to take shape, did you feel that it had the legs to be a novel?
Well, I always fear that it won't, and in fact, the first attempt at this novel, it really didn't have it, nor could it have been a good short story.
It was somewhere in between, you know?
And that's the first time that's really ever happened to me.
But when I started in on the draft that is the basis for the one that you see now, yes, I mean, I knew once I had that many main characters, and once I had realized that I was going to divide the novel into three sections, that it definitely was a novel.
You have no trouble writing about men, or women, or even children in German.
How can you explain that?
Fiction writers I've talked to, I mean, you'll find women who are really just comfortable writing about women and converse with men.
That doesn't seem to intimidate you at all, and you seem to get the voice just right.
Well, I guess it's just lucky maybe that I'm not intimidated.
I don't seem to have been faulted by that.
Well, you know, I'm not writing with any political intent, therefore I think anything's up for grabs, and I know as many old people, young people, women and men,
probably proportionately as anybody else.
It would seem to me that it's all grist for the male.
I hesitate to ask your comment on that.
Thankfully, you haven't heard it in a while, I guess, but when you first arrived, you were proclaimed to be the literary voice of your generation.
It was quite a ... I mean, do you find that when people lay that on you, that there's
Does that lay any kind of pressure on you, any kind of expectation?
It doesn't lay any expectation on me personally.
I mean, I was wildly amused by that.
It seemed incongruous, to put it mildly, even when it was first said, which was probably the late 70s, early 80s.
The only thing that annoys me is that a lot of times I think people read my recent work through a filter of that perception, that, you know, that's a label the media came up with.
I never said, here I am, and I'm the spokesperson for my generation, you know.
So it's annoying many years later when I would say that Another You is radically different from Chilly Scenes of Winter, my first novel, when people are still seeing this book through the filter of Chilly Scenes.
And I don't know what's to be done about that, but frankly, I think it's laziness involved with a lot of these people, you know?
I don't think they should buy their own labels.
I mean, the one thing it seems to me the media should do is question themselves there.
Maybe read them before, but still read all the books.
Yeah.
I did an interview right out here on the Public Garden a couple months ago with Martin Amos, you know.
Uh-huh.
And, of course, he was very quick to offer that, it's not a quotation, but he said,
He considered himself, or he is told that he is the most imitated author of his job.
I mean, he accepts, not only accepts the mantle, he suggests it, you know, that you might even want to consider it.
Oh, heavens.
And I'm not, I'm just making a comparison.
Yeah.
I much prefer your response.
Well, you know, even in the 70s, it seemed to me, I mean, again, what you think you're up to and how people perceive it is, you know, as fair on their part as on your part to have a concept.
But it seemed to me that I was doing improvisations then.
In other words, I didn't think Chili Scenes of Winter was about the so-called zeitgeist, which is a word still applied to me mysteriously.
I don't understand it.
I mean, I thought that these were a bunch of very fringe characters, and I hope that what I was doing in that book, and what I still hope that I'm doing, is saying something about the human condition, regardless of the contemporary setting that it may be in.
Do you find that you're growing with your characters?
Do you find that they're kind of coming along with you?
Well, I would find it very hard at this point to write about 20-year-olds.
I'm not saying I couldn't do it.
I mean, I think Richard Price...
does not necessarily live the life of clockers, and the guy goes out and does great research, and apparently he's got it down.
Everybody seems to like that book.
Did you read it?
I didn't, actually.
My husband read it.
Did you like it?
Yeah, he loved it.
I mean, I do like Price's work, you know, but it would not occur.
I mean, I'm sure it's possible to get better at something, but I'm afraid that I take what is more at hand, not because it's the easiest thing to do, but because I don't have to educate myself about that.
I mean,
You have a terrific, very substantial body of work.
Do you see your work as a corpus?
Do you think, you know, 15 years from now that it will be judged?
Would you like to see it?
I guess if I, I mean, I'll never, you know, I'll never get my druthers, so I don't spend much time thinking about it.
I mean, I really do understand that's nothing that I can influence in any way.
I guess, though, that, you know, I've always protested that I'm not writing sociology, and if it could be lifted out of that rather limited viewpoint that some people, not everybody certainly, I don't think John Updike thinks I'm writing sociology, you know, but if it could be, if it could not be considered so much in context and the larger implications could be considered, I would be more pleased.
Do you like the arc of your career?
Do you like the way it's
I'm surprised I don't write more stories.
I would have thought I would have stuck with that more, and as I say, although novels continue to be even more problematic in terms of writing them, I wouldn't have anticipated that I would be this genuinely interested by them.
Challenged or interested?
Challenged.
Are you challenged?
Yeah.
Because, I mean, the last quote that I saw, you said, I'm not going to touch it.
These things are heartfelt when I say them.
Truly, they are heartfelt when I say them.
I think you're feeling differently now.
That must have been right after.
And you also recorded saying you're never going to write another novel with a contract.
Is that true?
I don't have a contract now, and who knows what I'm working on?
I mean, it might very well be a novel, so I don't know.
Was there any kind of experience that you had that you cared about?
Well, the only thing I would say is that, you know, having taken two book contracts in a row, number one, I mean, I don't mean to sound snotty here.
I'm extremely lucky to have been given them.
I mean,
The publishers did take these novels sight unseen.
It was a hypothetical novel buy, which is awfully nice.
I realize my position.
That's very nice.
But it might have been true 10 years ago that I couldn't have written a novel without, in effect, a deadline hanging over my head.
Let's see what I can do at this age versus 10 years ago.
My life is quite different.
I don't teach anymore.
There are a lot of things that are very different about my life.
Maybe I don't need that artificial demand anymore hanging over my head.
I also understand that you used to write things like... Didn't I?
Boy, I was lucky.
Yeah.
Is that it gets harder, or are you going to feel... It's harder.
It is harder.
Much harder.
But is the work better, in your view?
Well, not inevitably.
You know, I mean, I would say that, you know, The Burning House, which I wrote when I think I was 32 or 33 years old, is still one of my favorite stories.
I don't know.
I think it's
mix and match of every period, you know, and it even takes me a while sometimes to sort things out.
I mean, I'm genuinely enthusiastic about another you now.
I was enthusiastic but also circumspect about picturing Will.
I mean, I didn't quite understand why that was so strongly reacted to.
You mentioned picturing Will and the fact that at this point in your life it's hard to write about 20-year-old people, but in that
A kid.
Explain that for me.
Well, my interest in writing that book, of course, was in how the kid influenced the adult characters.
You know, how he was a constant presence, even though, in effect, he's on camera very little.
There are very few things.
It's not a book about a kid.
It's sort of like, it seems to me more about what a kid does to totally affect the lives of those people who are responsible for him.
But, also, I could say I was an only child, you know, and I think you do become introspective as a child.
I think I thought about childhood and the oddity of childhood as a child, and that stayed fresh in my mind.
Yeah, but the voice, the characterization was perfect.
I mean, my great criticism was Shakespeare, but I love living with Shakespeare, but he could never do kids.
You know, all of those kids are brilliant little people.
But he really did manage to do that.
In this book, too, you are going back, aren't you?
There is an exploration.
I think also anything that isn't right under your nose can seem mysterious.
I mean, I don't personally have children.
I obviously know a lot of people who have children.
I think when I'm with those children, I tend to think about them in a different way than their parents do because I can afford to.
It's, you know, thanks for the day's information and so good night, you know, and I drive away.
I don't know that this would be such an interesting topic to me if I lived with a kid 24 hours in bed.
Now, you live up in Maine.
I'm just curious.
I went to school in Maine.
I went to Fades up in Maine.
I'm just curious.
This is not for my piece.
York.
We were up in York yesterday, for God's sake.
I just can't tell you how much I honestly wish you would come out of the house.
I was doing nothing.
Nothing.
Yeah.
I was signing some books in Exeter, New Hampshire, for these people who sell books.
That's just ridiculous.
I'm so sorry.
So we said, let's take a little ride up to Maine.
We'll have a lobster or something.
Isn't that funny?
Yeah.
But I'm glad we're reading today's book.
I think we've written about one, so I don't want to think.
I'm not really cross-tanker about the book, because that's my job, and I really enjoy it.
Has time taught you anything as a writer?
Just considering you started, at such a young age, started publishing?
Oh, lots of things, I think.
I mean, really, one of the things is certainly humility.
If I ever might have assumed that I was going to dash something off and it was going to work, I can tell you those days have disappeared.
You know, hard work has replaced the dashing off.
Isn't it amazing, the arrogance of you, huh?
Yeah, you know, I didn't... I didn't expect the New Yorkers going to love it.
Yeah.
But then when I read that you did all these things in a year, well, I mean, you're still doing pretty good.
Yeah, no, I think, you know, at the end of any year, my output looks pretty good, but...
I just don't have the momentary flashes.
I sometimes do, but those days are banging out a rough draft of what I consider to be a really good short story or just not there anymore for whatever reason.
The other thing, too, is that I think I do realize both sides of the coin in terms of how very lucky I am in a lot of ways, as I was just explaining about having these novels taken sight unseen and so forth.
I mean, I don't think I had a cavalier attitude before, but when I see increasingly how very difficult it is for first-rate writers to prevail, you know, I mean, I know people who have written excellent books, who have sent them into the publisher, and they've been rejected merely because the books are too depressing.
I mean, frankly, I don't think that would happen to me, and I'm lucky that I've got such a track record that it wouldn't happen to me, but it shouldn't happen to anybody, you know.
Look at Bill Kennedy's Iron Week is the perfect example.
It went around and around and around, yes.
They said, who's interested in a bunch of bums in Albany, New York?
Yeah, yeah.
Late novels of the last quarter century, I think.
Yeah, I know.
You know, those things are very unnerving.
I think those things register with me more now.
In other words, you know, I said this to my husband, too.
He's a figurative painter, and it's not particularly the age of figuration by any means.
You know, it's not a supportive thing to realize that you might be doing well, but so many other people who should be doing well are not.
And when I was younger, I really was an exception.
I mean, to have that many stories in The New Yorker compared to other people my age was very unusual.
Now, actually, it's not so unusual.
You see a lot of people those ages who are just kids.
But it's great.
I mean, it's a new day in a lot of ways.
welcome them.
Absolutely.
No, I mean, I can name, you know, very, very good young writers that I'm absolutely delighted to see in their pages and in other pages, definitely.
But I think I realized in retrospect that I was something of an exception.
Did your husband title this book?
No.
He definitely titled Picturing Will, yes.
No, he didn't.
I titled this book.
Yeah, it's maybe the only novel I've ever titled.
Really?
Yeah.
And did you have that title early into the... No, no, I didn't.
And in fact... It certainly works.
Yeah, it does.
I debated a lot.
I can't remember, but there were like three or four real possibilities about the book, and I suddenly did realize it should be this title.
I read that, I think you told me, you really never start with an outline or a clear sense of where this is going to go.
No.
Is that still the case?
Yeah, it still is the case.
I certainly did realize that I was working within certain conventions, but what I tried to do was to stand those conventions on their head in this book.
I mean, it's not an academic novel.
It's not an on-the-road novel.
Of course, I invoke all those things, but for a purpose, for the purpose of sabotage.
I was worried, and in fact, I have some reason to worry.
I mean, to some extent, some reviews have perceived this as, oh, God, I mean, Time magazine gives it a very negative review this week.
It says, oh, God, no, it's, you know, it's another academic novel.
Absolutely not.
They didn't get beyond the first year.
I know they didn't.
I actually think that that's the case, you know.
But in other words, I realized to some extent that I was flirting with danger and that it could misfire.
a lot of territory pretty quickly.
I taught out at Northwestern last fall, and I actually had my husband come in and talk about art.
I was trying to have him explain how certain problems in art are solved within the canvas, and I had been trying to explain how certain things were solved on the page.
When he left the classroom, one of my students said to me, you and Mr. Perry really talk fast.
When I come to transcribe, it's wonderful.
I'd much rather have a
a forty minute tape and an hour and a half tape outside of it.
Yeah.
Yeah, sometimes you have questions.
Do you write vainly?
You really do give us some nice pictures.
Yeah, absolutely.
I said this recently, not in print, I think probably to my students last fall or something, but I've come to realize, too, that if I can see something, it doesn't have to be conspicuous, it can be very ordinary,
If I really can close my eyes as I'm typing and see it, I have no trouble knowing how people talk in that context.
But if I had to set people talking and I wasn't clear what room or what environment they were in, it would just fade out.
It would absolutely fade out.
It's interesting that I'm married to a painter.
For whatever reason, what precedes everything is a very clear visual image that I then animate.
It never, ever has gone the other way.
There was a non-fiction book that you did.
I think it was with Abel.
Yeah, Alex Katz.
That was kind of nice.
I think we talked about that.
That was one of the interviews we did.
Are you out constantly paying attention to see little things, like a beagle on the road or something?
Well, yes and no.
I mean, yes to the extent that yes.
But those things tend not to turn up in my fiction.
Well, how does that happen?
I mean, it's...
Well, everything doesn't seem grist for the mill, you know?
I mean, it's what you can latch on to that seems able to be transformed, I think, also.
In other words, I don't think that what I'm looking at is, you know, it's not a photograph.
I mean, it's more a painting.
It's more something that my sensibility has gotten into to render to begin with.
Would you say it's an impressionist painting?
No, I don't actually think so.
I mean, no.
But probably, you know, analogous to a realistic Estes or something.
I mean, that's actually photorealism, but probably, oh, it's Winslow Homer, you know.
Something fairly realistic.
But already my sensibility is there.
I mean, I'm interpreting.
I'm not trying to do what Estes is doing and be, you know, more keen than the camera eye, in effect.
So I think there's some sort of a bond that goes on between me and the environment.
But, you know, I've failed too many times too early on to think that I can still take, you know, amusing street scenes or even amusing overheard conversation and have it work in the same way once I put it in a literary context.
So, again, what I'm doing is improvisations and something filtered through my sensibility to begin with.
improvisations, but you certainly work a kind of a mystery into here.
In this book.
Yeah.
It is almost a mystery story.
That suggests plotting, doesn't it?
Yeah.
I must say that I knew at some point in the writing of this draft what was going to go on, but it wasn't until McCallum and Marshall
were going to see Cheryl Lanier's mother that I thought of that twist.
That was absolutely unpremeditated.
And I personally think that that's quite lively when he tells him at the table in the subsequent phone conversation that Marshall has because I was so surprised I could be Marshall.
I mean, realizing that the mother didn't know that this was going on, it was very, very easy to put myself into the mind of a totally... I mean, in a way, the woman's quite inured, but she's also completely shocked.
You know, so that was easy.
I mean, whenever I get shocked, the characters can be shocked.
Hello?
I get plenty of stuff that you haven't had in the next one.
Oh, fine.
Did you do one of them up soon?
Could you give it just five minutes?
Okay, thank you very much.
6.20 is out.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
It's just a tanner of me, but that's all.
Yeah, I know.
We'll give you a few minutes for the next one.
Would you inscribe this for me, please?
Probably, Jake.
Yeah, sure.
My great collection of inscribed books.
Can I take your pen, too?
Oh, isn't that pretty?
Oh, that's lovely.
What's his name?
His name is R.C.
Binstock, Bob Binstock.
How do you spell his name?
It fits in the Times, I'll find it.
Yeah, B-I-N-S-T-O-C-K, and his book is published by Soho, and it's called Tree of Heaven.
Oh, I saw that.
It got a rave review.
It really should have.
I admit my bias.
He was my student at Harvard in 1977.
One quick question that I would have asked you.
Do you know more about your characters than you put in your books?
I mean, you said you threw away 250 pages?
No, no, it wasn't thrown out on that basis.
It was just that I hit the wrong room.
But normally do you know?
I mean, are there parts of the history that aren't in the books that you know?
I mean, if I were to ask you, you know, how old he was when he lost his virginity or something like that, you know?
No, no.
I mean, I could make some educated guesses, but it's not as though I think that there's a whole world of information I'm selecting from it, so that therefore I could then answer about this whole world of information.
I've really only thought to my way of thinking about the essential thing.
Really?
And then if you were to say, well, I'm dressed this way, if I were wearing a hat, what do you think I'd have on?
Well, it's clearly not a sombrero, right?
You know what I mean?
So, I mean, you could make an educated guess considering what you've created, but no, and I never think about that, because I have to at least have the illusion that I've already found the essential stuff, you know?
I mean, I'm sure I miss fire sometimes, but it's thinking, oh, yes, I see it is chiseled down a form what this can be, and that, for me, is the only reality.
I just did an interview with Kay Gibbons.
Oh, I like her a lot.
And she's just the opposite.
This book was twice as long.
She said, but I had to know about this life, what she became before I could really...
Yeah, I think I've heard her.
She said something similar about Ellen Foster one time.
She and I were speaking together at some book and author lunch.
I think that was the context here.
No, actually, it was the new book, Hattie.
The other thing, though, which is interesting, is that I have to actually physically put, I often omit things after I've written them, but I have to physically put it in the page because it wouldn't do for me to just know somebody had graduated from Princeton.
I have to say that at some point, and then later I think,
do I need, you know, and then structure.
But now you know, though.
But now you know.
But now I know.
But that's Flannery O'Connor who says you have to put it there before you can take it away.
I take her literally.
You have to physically put it there.
That's a good point.
That's a good one.
See you again.